Update PSE 6 for C26 (#74)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-pses: 06/merging-sorted-lists.md

<br>

One improvement the AI recommended was strengthening my explanation of _why_ comparing the two current elements works. In my original explanation, I described the mechanics of the process by saying that I would compare the elements at each pointer and add the smaller one to the result list. However, I did not explain the reasoning behind that decision. If I were revising my explanation, I would add that because both input lists are already sorted, the smaller of the two current elements must be the next smallest value overall. Therefore, adding that element to the result preserves sorted order, and advancing only the corresponding pointer ensures that no values are skipped. Including this reasoning would demonstrate that I understand the logic behind the algorithm rather than simply recalling a sequence of steps.

<br>

> One piece of feedback I found unnecessary was the suggestion to discuss the tie-breaking rule when the two current elements are equal. The AI noted that I could mention that choosing either list first would maintain sorted order and that doing so might demonstrate thoughtfulness. I do not think this detail is especially relevant for this problem because the problem statement only requires producing a correctly sorted merged list. It does not introduce additional requirements related to stability or preserving the relative ordering of duplicate values from different lists.

Reviewer: I'm a little hesitant to have an example where the reader discounts the suggestion to be more mindful  of tie-breaking rules. This might be a good opportunity to show another framing of the "unnecessary" feedback point. That is, we might initially feel that some feedback is unnecessary, but it might prove useful after we sit with it for a while. I think this gives an out in case the AI does generally provide good feedback that the reader can still fulfill the spirit of the requirement without aribtrarily designating what might otherwise be good feedback as unnecessary in the abstract.

```suggestion
One piece of feedback I _initially_ found unnecessary was the suggestion to discuss the tie-breaking rule when the two current elements are equal. The AI noted that I could mention that choosing either list first would maintain sorted order and that doing so might demonstrate thoughtfulness. Since we're working with whole numbers, it didn't seem like this really mattered for the problem at hand. However, after reflecting on this feedback, I realize, since that decision appears arbitrary, it would be worth mentioning that either choice is valid, and then think more about whether there are any implications of that choice. So the feedback seemed unnecessary at first because it didn't feel relevant to the core algorithm, but upon further reflection, I see that it could be an opportunity to demonstrate deeper understanding of the problem and the algorithm's behavior in edge cases.
```
